Currently if we hit the edit button we'll be taken
to another page. To make it more interactive
let's change its behavior.
We'll put this answer form in the same page in the
same position where the answer stay or in a simple
term we'll make it as inline form.
All right let's switch back over to our editor
in here in this file
firstly we need to changed how the edit button
behaves.
Let's remove the `href` attribute
and then we need to attach an event listener to this button.
We can do that by utilizing `v-on` directive. This directive
needs an argument which is type of the event
it could be click double click etc.
In this case we'll need click event so we can say v-on click equals
and then with the specified expression here
the expression can be inline statesman or method
name. Here the expression will be inline statement
like this.
editing equal true
the editing is a variable to control the state of
the form. When it's true the form will be shown.
Otherwise when it's false the form will be hidden.
When working with event we can utilize
something called modifiers. Modifiers
are directive postfixes denoted by dot indicating
that a directive should be bound in some special
way.
So here we can add on  v-on click
dot prevent the prevent the link to follow the URL.
we have removed the URL from this anchor
but this way I think is much better because we can
modify the link easily in the browser on the fly.
By specifying the prevent here it will make sure
that this link will not follow the URL anymore.
And here we can use the shorthand syntax for the v-on
just like this
okay
here we need to define this editing variable and we can
define that in answer component. Let's switch to answer
dot vue file.
Here let's define data method
then return an object.
And instead here we define editing property.
And it should be false by default
which mean the edit answer form is hidden by default.
Next let's determine which part will be hidden
or shown when the added bonus clicked.
In my opinion it would be better
to hide this answer body buttons
and user info when editing
so let's wrap this
body html and the row in another div.
and then above that let's add a form
for now let's display a message
and let's also add an update button.
when the button is clicked
we change the editing to false which
means the answer form will be hidden.
And to toggle between the elements we can
utilize vue js  conditional rendering like this
v-if
so v-if directive will conditionally render the element
based on the trueness of the expression value.
If the value is true this form will be shown
otherwise if it falls this form will be hidden.
So here we can pass in the editing as expression like so
or we can make it more simpler just like this
now here we need kind of the opposite condition
of this element it should be appear when editing is
false
and disappears when editing is true.
Here we can say v-if
editing is equals false.
Or in simple form we can write it like this
or we can make it more simpler by utilizing v-else directive
like so
please note that when you're using v-if and v-else
both elements should be in the same level. Let's save
all changes and see how it look.
You can find an editable answer here I have it.
Let's hit the button here's the answer body disappear
and we have edit answer form message
show up.
hit the update button
the message disappear
while our answer body came back and it's also
reload the page but don't worry we'll fix that letter.